Adding KLB system requirements blurb (#538)
kubos/kubos: docs/obc-docs/porting-kubos.rst

- `Device Trees <https://www.devicetree.org/>`__
- `Busybox <https://busybox.net/about.html>`__

> System Requirements

Reviewer: Should we talk about how the storage is for multiple partitions and that it can be spread across memory devices?

Author: That's in the next section (System Layout)

-------------------

We recommend that any board being targeted for Kubos Linux have at least the following resources:

- 400MHz processor with MMU
- 32MB RAM (64MB+ preferred, particularly if Python is enabled)

> - 100MB storage for OS and upgrade partition, if Python is disabled. 400MB storage if Python is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 400MB storage for OS and upgrade partitions (100MB is sufficient if Python is disabled)
```
